[RFC][issue-1035]Новая кнопка добавления вложенного фильтра (#1055)
mindbox-moscow/ui-kit: README.md

# Start screenshot test local

> You need have Docker in local machine or [download here](https://www.docker.com/get-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have **Docker** on your local machine. You can [download it here.](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
```
